Title:
System Reqruiement Spefication for Online Exam portal for CDAC

Team:
CDAC,Student,Exam center,

Objective (Purpose):
Online Exam portal for CDAC is intended to provide portal for exam conduction facility
 for various CDAC center.

Scope:
*This portal allows varios exam center to conduct exam and allow student to give exam.
*This portal will be able to reduce paperwork and also able to reduce manpower.
*This portal will be able to display the result of the exam.
*This portal should allow students evaluate their performances on highlighting
their weak and strong areas.
*The content used in the Online Examination should be new and updated.
*Students can study at home with help of example independently.
*Online system should able to reduce work load of of teachers.
*By using this online system, students should able to register itself.
*System should not provide the facility of copy paste while attempting questions on the site.

A)Functional Requirements

 1.Administrater aspect
  i)Logging into the system
  ii)Accepting registration of candidates
  iii)Adding/editing/deleting the question
  iv)Creating questions
  v)Posting question
  vi)Posting multiple option to respective question
  vii)Giving correct answer
  viii)Time limit
  ix)Set marks
  x)Negative marks if required

 2.Student Aspect
  i)Requesting registration
  ii)Logging into the system
  iii)Selecting the questing
  iv)Appearing for the examination
  v)Reviewing the given response


B)NonFunctional Requirement:

i)Security:  
 1)Student who have valid id and password only they can login into the exam
 2)Id and password of student must be unique and must contain specified length of char or digit
 3)Portal should maintain timer while studnet attempting the exam. after that particular timing 
   exam should be submitted and student must log
   out automatically  .
 4) The private data of the administration should be secured.

ii)Reliability:
  System should able to recover itself if there is any crash and failure occur to the application.

iii)Availability:
  Application should be available 24/7 

iv)Maintenance:
  Some IT operations can easily monitor and configure system using Administrative
  Tools provided by Server.

v)Performance:
  Performance of the student in the online examination system.

vi)Integrity:
   prevent cheating in online exams is to communicate clearly and consistently with your learners
   about what is expected of them and what is allowed and not allowed during the exam.







  